hi friends, what's up here, there's 503
This is a video after
in the continuation of another video that
come up from a cross be we went to see
the idea and I wanted to teach them more or
less what is the perspective of how what
I see one as a driver to this car
this is how you can see there is the
capo see that it looks super super nice
with that picket as highlighted in the middle
you can see there is the board
and the helm of this car standing
practically as simple as you
you can see it is not
the big thing true since this is a
car of
is the style of the cross being ancient
pieces what can
then it has not changed much
when the board if it looks super super
nice because it has a little more of
accessory is true how it is
like this radio that you can also
costumes and player
bring to be able to introduce the memories
sd for usb to help even for
can answer our phone to
answer and hang
I already use it
a very nice experience because
willy - nilly as we say
let's say as well as my family as well as I
that we live here in el salvador and so
like many more people and not even
only here in any country where you can
the streets are very small the blocks
they are very short the traffic is quite
abundant
and despite that the sea ​​is crazy
crazy but also worth verga then
is a very very useful tool already
despite that in my country it is
forbidden to walk talking on the phone
I imagine that in the country of you
as well
then it is a good way to
save yourself a couple of chips really not
they fine him as they can see the roof of
this car is also pretty pretty
pretty simple, see the part here
from behind the seats
it's very simple too and this
Character is also very simple
true then the doors the doors
of the peculiar good because they have nothing
nothing nothing nothing only the only thing they have
of bonito, it is this, nothing more
and what to open the door as you can see
this the board when you give it there you can
observe a little illuminated pity
It's not night right now but today
you can observe it a little better truth
only the battery marks the temperature
I hate the gas tank
revolutions the how is it called this
I do not remember but the mileage and this
which measures the temperature of the oil but
I do not know from which part nothing
Remind yourself that this pickup brings
engine brings the engine coster
brings the engine to the 4000 engine
I think of six out of six
valvular
six-piston online forgiveness true
so
well compared to a hi lux that
I usually handle the in 2003 or 2004 is
the latest model of those hi lux
truth is there that model ends that
is the old model
old
seeing it from the point of view that the hi
lux 2013 now came out I think that of 2004
or 2005 something like that then he is the model
new now the recent in the previous
a is true then you could say that
the previous model is still because
the new one has only changed but nonsense
that is the new the previous one of that
then less bad than what and then
A) Yes
I'm going to upload another peculiar video of
as to synchronize the screen
screen how can you synchronize the
phone to the radio true what
for someone who does not come because
someone who does not want to read the manual
truth you know that people who
it is not and that it does not know then then only
that's why we're not going to see it either
will discriminate us but even if
simple how it's done but you can
teach
true then it's like that
we do not have until next time and I hope they
have liked the video do not forget to give
like
and if you are not subscribed to my channel
subscribe also with you that of
cars almost do not upload videos but this what
I had to upload it , see you
bye